You little bastard is crazy
You dare to speak rudely in front of Lord Tiger
Long night, can you stop caring so much?
The tiger has already arrived
What is the status of Tiger Lord in the rivers and lakes?
You don't need an outsider like me to say it.
Is it so hard for you to just apologize and admit your mistake?
Could it be that your face is worth more than your life?
Is it even more important than the real name?
You are stubborn
You never believed me
How can I trust you?
Wei Wei, stop persuading him, he's crazy
Lord Tiger was already defiant when he stood in front of him
Zhang Ye, from this moment on
Our love is broken
I only ask you
Don't get up
I shut up with Zhenzhen
Tiger Lord, I am the dying group
What happened today and me and Zhenzhen
irrelevant
Please understand.
I have divorced him.
irrelevant
Yes is nonsense
You also heard what this little bastard said
So far
He still tells lies and still doesn't repent
It has nothing to do with me.
You call him Xiao Kunkun
I heard about Wei Wei
Early years
He's just a gangster on the street
And he was badly hacked.
Fortunately, a little kindness came to the rescue
Otherwise, he would have died on the street long ago
And ah hum
Nonsense, this person has high eyes and low hands
Relying on yourself
Make trouble every day
This is not a hit today
It also provoked our Heaven and Earth Alliance
And the tiger lord of the four major gangs
He is still insulting you in private.
Please kill it
To Xiaoyou